doc: Update docs (#1841)
disorderedmaterials/dissolve: web/docs/examples/argon/step1.md

We need a suitable species to represent the argon atom in our simulation.

{{< action type="menu" text="Species &#8680; Create &#8680; Atomic..." />}}
{{< action type="mouse" text="Select argon (Ar) from the periodic table" />}}

> You will now see that a new tab called {{<gui-tab type="species" text="Ar">}} has appeared containing the new species, showing a single argon atom located at (0,0,0). If you go to the {{<gui-tab type="ff" text="Forcefield">}} tab you can view the details of the species contents (which is not a lot!). Our argon atom currently has no atom type assigned to it (the "AtomType" (AT) column in the table is empty), but we will remedy this in the next step. All atoms **must** be assigned an atom type before the simulation can proceed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will now see that a new tab called {{<gui-tab type="species" text="Ar">}} has appeared containing the new species. In the {{<gui-tab type="species" text="Atoms">}} section on the left you can see the single argon atom located at (0,0,0). and underneath that the summary of intramolecular terms holding your species together which, for a single atom, isn't a lot! Our argon atom currently has no atom type assigned to it (the "AtomType" (AT) column in the table is empty), but we will remedy this in the next step. All atoms **must** be assigned an atom type before the simulation can proceed.
```

Reviewer: This was previously referring to the local forcefield tab in the `SpeciesTab` itself, but that doesn't even exist any more! I've adjusted the text to reflect that.
